I"`<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="data-centre-move---lee">Data Centre Move - Lee</h3>

<p>No slippage for planned dates for the migration at this point in time.
Project Team meetings have taken place and all pre-tasks for migration are completed
Communications have gone out to the business; further Comms will go out weekly before Migration task.
ServiceNow self service page has Migration news on it to inform any Self Service users of outages.
All POs are up to date and available to migration partners
1st phase of migration will happen starting 9th April.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="accommodations---lee">Accommodations - Lee</h3>

<p>Costs are being requested from Visavvi for Windsor House Upgrade
Informed that Leeds will now be moved from existing building to a new GPA building by September, planning for this will start.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="collaborative-spaces--lee">Collaborative Spaces â€“ Lee</h3>
<p>RSH have confirmed that we are not required to install the Birmingham office before they move to the new Birmingham office in July.
Hoping to do full site survey for Collaboration spaces as changes to Accommodations will effect working solutions.
Workshop completed and site visits for all sites to confirm exact requirements for individual offices will be gained from the visit,</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="wan-upgrade---lee">WAN Upgrade - Lee</h3>
<p>Daisy install at 2MS is now complete and date to install SDWAN is being worked on.
Bristol has been confirmed for installation date after the Warrington Data Centre Migration due to distance for travel.
Wayleave for Manchester is still under legal review by Landlords, this will be chased from next week as this is to date the only outstanding office location to be installed.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="condeco-room-and-desk-booking---lee">Condeco (Room and Desk Booking) - Lee</h3>
<p>Procurement has been completed for the Condeco systems for the rest of the estate. Works will commence in the next week to complete this works
New requirement for floor plate management has been addressed and will be rolled out as part of the Condeco go-live.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="skype-for-business-to-teams-enterprise-voice--lee">Skype for Business to Teams (Enterprise Voice) â€“ Lee</h3>
<p>Meeting with Ollie Kettle from H2B has been taken as he has been requested from H2B to be part of the project team.
Informed by the business that POC is not viable due to procurement rules, Vendor will be selected over the next week or so and procurement will start.
Pack to be presented on Digital Portfolio Board was cancelled waiting for this to be agreed for a new date, in the meantime Alpha tasks are being completed that incur no costs such as setting up Proof of Concepts.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="cloud-hosting-service---ben">Cloud Hosting Service - Ben</h3>
<p>End of sprint 13 / start of sprint 14 - goal - to onboard and setup the CC location service DEV/QA/Staging environments
Sprint 13 Showcase link - https://web.microsoftstream.com/video/fd40a19c-d380-47a9-91f5-1867ebe157c1
Easter weekend is in the middle of this sprint - which reduces the sprint capacity by 20% (losing two days from ten..) - work and planning is adjusted accordingly. ðŸ˜ƒ
We have begun work on some service, team and PMO Dashboards ! - let us know if you have any feedback ! - https://dev.azure.com/homesengland/Cloud Hosting Service/_dashboards/dashboard/4c1261c7-eb8c-4801-877a-c0eb6451ed1a / PMO - https://dev.azure.com/homesengland/Cloud Hosting Service/_dashboards/dashboard/9675fc64-55d5-45ca-b882-a47a9092ec7d
Douglas Lownsbrough joins the team as a technical writer ðŸ˜ƒ !
Technical work continues in this sprint to onboard and setup the Common Components Location Service.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="bsf-support--jon--rob">BSF Support â€“ Jon &amp; Rob</h3>
<p>Accessibility changes underway, Neil gave demo to business
An issue with reporting (excel download), temporary workaround found to avoid hot fix release at year end
Full regression underway as significant changes to improve overall performance of the application
Preparing business for move to Service Team starting on 19th April</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="monitor--jon">Monitor â€“ Jon</h3>
<p>Final 2 PBIs relating to housing developer details currently in test ahead of project closure
Expect to release after Easter
Several bugs raised, will be fixed and tested and released alongside the PBIs if possible, if not they will move to Service Team backlog
Preparing business for move to Service Team starting on 19th April</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="product-support---rob">Product Support - Rob</h3>
<p>Product Support itâ€™s all about end of year and start of year
NROSH 2021/22 System go live â€“ DONE; IMS EOY/SOY â€“ DONE; PCS+PADD EOY/SOY â€“ DONE
Those 3 little lines will never do justice to the amount of work done by the team over the past week. Itâ€™s been a herculean effort to achieve this outcome. I canâ€™t thank everyone in Product Support enough for all their hard work and determination</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="data-platform---martin">Data Platform - Martin</h3>
<p>The last day of March was a bit sad one as we said goodbye to Robert Purnell (data analyst) and Paresh Gandhi (data engineer) whoâ€™ve left the project. Thanks for all the work! On the bright side, weâ€™ve welcome Fabricio Paladino as our new analyst. These changes will temporarily effect our teamâ€™s velocity but I am sure we will cope well.
The progress on the integration has been a bit slower than we wanted it to be but weâ€™re getting there and should be able to start end-to-end testing next week. Weâ€™ve already tested pars of the solution including the Power BI connection and weâ€™ve proven that the Finance dashboards still do work.</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="hr-performance-management-alpha--alycia--al">HR Performance Management (Alpha) â€“ Alycia &amp; Al</h3>
<p>DPIA completed by Jez â€˜breaking groundâ€™ Hart and submitted to DPO, once it is reviewed and guidance is provided, we hope to finalise the contract and proceed to implementation
GDS Alpha-ish/Beta-ish session held with Nikki, with some good discussion points to take away and consider
Initial go-live checklist created by Alycia
Details of DAC testing finalised by Angie, scheduled for Apr 19th
Pilot research plan being crafted by Angie
Building Brilliant Performance (aka Georgiaâ€™s baby) launching next week after 18 months of hard work from HR
Current aim is to launch the new digital service in mid-May, based on contract signing being completed no later than April 16th</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="e-learning-tool-beta--al">E-learning tool (Beta) â€“ Al</h3>
<p>After a lot of effort from Carolyn, Kat and Charlotte, the welcome email for the new platform has now been sent out to all colleagues
Data Protection will be the first course to be rolled out (to all colleagues)
Positive discussion held with Ken (Head of RSH HR) on RSH data inconsistencies and to provide some further background on the new service
Retrospective scheduled for 2nd week in April to cover lessons learnt
â€‹â€‹â€‹â€‹â€‹â€‹â€‹</p>

<h3 class="govuk-heading-m" id="service-teams--rob-chris-jon-stephen--al">Service Teams â€“ Rob, Chris, Jon, Stephen &amp; Al</h3>
<p>Agreement reached on Quality Assurance for the first Service Team
Plan agreed to transition system knowledge during first Sprint and help reduce single points of failure
Comms plan being drafted for dev community as a follow up to Rummanâ€™s presentation on Service Teams via Developer CoP
Support processes discussed with a Day 1 triage group proposed
Initial setup completed within Azure DevOps for first team</p>
:ET